# Second week 

# Exercice 1

Soft robots

Where can be use ?  or interact ? where could be place? and how it might enteract with it's surroundings.

Zone of interest = my window.

# place where ? input ? output ? 

Could be place on the window, stuck to it? 

where ? How ? 

- could sense and change form with the heat of the window wether it gets hot or cold. 
- could sense the absence of light (nightime) and/or light (daytime) morning.
- could react to lighting if its agressive, soft, golden...
- could react to vibration either it's loud or not.
- could react to hertz volume, place outside the window or inside ? 
-could be place on the ground next to the window.
- Could be place outside on the window.
- on the balcony
-on a plant, in her pot. 
-on the desk next to the window, on the window next to the desk. 
-coud be hid. (in the wardrobe in the clothes)
-could be place under my pillow
-in my bed, on my bed ?
-on the side desk of my bed ? 

Input :
- hit
- stroke 
- caress (like a pet)
- talk to
- whisper to
- kiss
- squeeze
- wet put under water (like  plant)
- dry put under the sun 

output :
- change form for us. why ? no need why ?
- To inform us. on what ? 
- Gives us the meteo for the day ? 
-Meteo mood ?
- ask us questions how are u feeling today ? 

- could provides us some shide
- provide us some light. What kind of light ? what will it affect ? 
- an robot that sense the vibration on the ground (like snake)of us coming and gets scared. Se tire. Bail out. Flee.
- opposite come to us like a pet when he sense us.

# Exercice 2 =

input / ouput =
-time clock 
-weather/ natural light
-camera recognise the shape 
- blowing on very near (sound calm like the yoga object with wind)
- a moment of reflexion, calm, mood meteo.
- kiss - wakes up
- **spray** 
- lick 
- squeeze - liquid - (sponge) - (jouet plastic boule qi sorte de parttout entre les doigts) - calm - light up 
- **wet put under water, to vaporize water on close (like  plant) - grow (plant)**
- **dry naturally (put under the sun) - shrink**
- to sink 
- to give shade (with hands) - 
- **to surround with hands - light up the atmosphere - opens up** 
- to give something to - eat it 
- breathing in - breathe out 
- **to pinch - color itself**
- **to scarify - release**
- **to insert - project itself in the space or something** (cinema)
- to scratch - 
- shake - 
- clap hands
- tap heels
- tap body of the robort 
- wave in the air
- play music 
- claquer des doigts - expands in the space - segments itself
- siffler 
-words maybe a message that appears, disappear <3 feel good drawing

outputs = 
- **expands in the space - liquify itself - solidify itself** 
- **segments itself, separates light. (Voir les spotlights, visieres de cheval)**
- increase something in a space 


# Reactions

Be more precise on the gesture example = if it's blowing the input is it blowing clolse to, harldy or soft blow, short blow long blow 


